real deffinition 
1.git init:This command turns a directory into an empty Git repository. This is the first step in creating a repository. After running git init, adding and committing files/directories is possible.

2.git add
Adds files in the to the staging area for Git. Before a file is available to commit to a repository, the file needs to be added to the Git index (staging area). There are a few different ways to use git add, by adding entire directories, specific files, or all unstaged files.

3.git commit
Record the changes made to the files to a local repository. For easy reference, each commit has a unique ID.

4.git status
This command returns the current state of the repository.

5.git branch
To determine what branch the local repository is on, add a new branch, or delete a branch.

6.git checkout
To start working in a different branch, use git checkout to switch branches.

7.git merge
Integrate branches together. git merge combines the changes from one branch to another branch. For example, merge the changes made in a staging branch into the stable branch.

8.git remote
To connect a local repository with a remote repository. A remote repository can have a name set to avoid having to remember the URL of the repository.

9.git clone
To create a local working copy of an existing remote repository, use git clone to copy and download the repository to a computer. Cloning is the equivalent of git init when working with a remote repository. Git will create a directory locally with all files and repository history.

10.git push
Sends local commits to the remote repository. git push requires two parameters: the remote repository and the branch that the push is for













how i understand it 
1.git init basicaly allolw the user to make other moves and allows him to write more commands like giving permision to him self.

2. git add is used to add new files to the repository and the documents can be directories specific files or unstaged files

3.git commit it records all the changes made in the files in the repository plus each commit has his own ID

4.git status returns current state of the repository

5.git branch determinates what branch the local is on add new one or delete

6.git checkout is used if the user wants to work in a different branch

7.git merge it combines and merge the changes frome a branch to another branch

8.git remote conects a local repository with a remote repository 

9.git clone craetes a local working copy of a remote repository plus it helps to download a repository to a computer

10.git push send local commits to the remote repository and to use this comand you need a remote repository and a branch that the push is for
